Our resulting sentiment analysis gave us a lot of insight into how the field of data science is being reported about in different regions of the United States. We were able to draw interesting conclusions from our graphs, for example discovering that the only region with a net positive sentiment on the topic of data science was the Midwest. We also noticed some strange things from our graphs, for example how the comparison plots by word frequency showed us such seemingly-unrelated groups of most common words per region. The majority of the most common words by region were not even directly related to data science, making us question the usefulness of comparison plots by word frequency. 

In terms of next steps, there are many things that could be improved upon from our analysis in order to increase its accuracy. For starters, we only gathered 100 news articles from each region; with more data spanning a longer period of time, we would be able to see how the conversation around data science has evolved over time, as well as have more certainty that we are seeing the whole picture. Along these lines, the analysis would have been more representative if we were careful to select from the major news sources in each place. We may have accidentally captured biases from one or two particular news sources if those were far more represented than others. Additionally, our regions were not very representative; the Northeast only included New York, the West Coast was just California and Oregon, the Midwest was only Illinois, the South only consisted of Florida, and the Mid-Atlantic was just DC. We would have liked to sample from every state in each region, in order to ensure that we were comparing regional sentiment properly. Besides diversifying our data set, we would have liked to create more graphs from different sentiment analyses. We did use the afinn, bing, and nrc lexicons, but there is also a “loughran” lexicon with the get_sentiments function that we could have utilized. If we could have somehow combined the results from all four lexicons into one graph, we would have been able to find far more information in just one place. Regardless of the time limitations that prevented us from going further with this project, we feel that we have successfully completed a sentiment analysis and gained some valuable insight on publications on data science per region in America.